hello guys today I'm gonna show you how
to use wisely and bandicam depends on
your graphic card for example for nvidia
AMD and also entail graphic card HD so
let's start with the basic things so as
you see here you have like you can
record your gaming screen or if you want
to do tutorials so you can choose this
one let's start by the recording games
so here you can choose your place when
you want to put the video so for me I
have I prefer to put my video on T so is
better because I have more space there
so here in FPS so here if you want to
put the FPS while playing games you can
see how many FPS you have by playing
games and if you want to hide it you can
check this one and choose something to
hide it example here you have f9 so when
you put when you click on f9 you can
hide it so I prefer to to leave it like
this
so here the more important thing is here
video so here if you want to record you
can put something here for example I
professor would like ctrl shift F
because you know in some games you can
use f11 or f9 so it's really confusing
when you want to click on this thing on
your keyboard and you have the best
problem you are recording without know
so here you can pause your recording and
put something here and here you can in
tutorials you can put
show Massacre sir and outs mouse click
and you can also add webcam if you want
you
so here it's decisions if you want
something more accurate example here
more important thing if you want to
record a a game and want to do like a
commentary so I advise you to with two
sounds here you can choose to put your
microphone in here
Vista sound is mean that or gimmick your
gaming is the recording the sound of the
game and also there your voice so here
you can choose the webcam if you want to
put your P you're welcome you can put it
on the side that you want here the logo
if you have a logo you can put it to
effect if you want to do tutorials you
can choose the most
if you click right click so it will be
in blue and left click in red and here
the highlight you will see it in my
other videos so there's like yellow
round yellow tank in your mouth
so here the options so for every graphic
card I advise you to choose normal to
not get like too much stroke fps so for
me I have a gtx so i prefer to have high
higher than normal priority and if you
have like a really good graphic card i
advise you to put highs for me when I
put when I choose highest is I lost like
more 50s let's go to sit in of the video
so here start to be like more confusion
here so if you want to record the full
size of your gaming so we can just use
full size and if
want to choose like 720p here you can
choose it depends on the resolution that
you want to record and I usually record
in 720p because I don't have like good
connection to upload videos so this
depends on your connection because the
more resolution you record with the more
space you need so here I advise you to
put 120 fps because you all want to have
like any drop FPS if you choose this one
the futures like less you will the FPS
will drop so here is the most important
thing so if you have an Nvidia graphic
card edge GTX so you need to choose this
option because it's the more accurate
and you can record without losing any
fps and it's special just for GTX a
graphic card and here you don't need to
change any time to let it like this if
you have into a graphic card cell choose
this one if you have like a normal
graphic card like every graphic card the
g2 graphic card so I advise you to
choose X V so it's the best one for the
average graphic card and you won't lose
a lot of FPS with that the quality for
me I prefer to put 100 if you have like
average graphic card I advise you to put
like a 1880 and it will be like you will
have like stable graphic recording and
here you don't need to change anything
so let it like this off or go did you
sell them okay and yeah here if you want
to like take a screenshot so
eleven here all the videos that you have
recorded your the version of them your
software so I hope that this video will
be useful for you and don't forget to
subscribe
unlike and share if you think that is a
good video and see you for more video